[IMP] PoS: improvements of the PoS doc "getting started" (#600)
odoo/documentation-user: point_of_sale/overview/getting_started.rst

===============
Getting started
===============

When working with a Point of Sale application, employees want a
simple, and user-friendly solution. A solution that works online or
offline and with any device.

It is a fully integrated application that allows any transaction, 
automatically registers product moves in your stock, and gives you

> real-time statistics and consolidations across all shops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Point of Sale system is a fully integrated application that allows every customer transaction, 
automatically registers product moves in your stock, and gives you
real-time statistics and consolidations across all shops.
```

process the payment and validate it.

.. image:: media/getting_started_07.png
    :align: center
    :alt: Giving back money to customer.

Close the PoS session
---------------------

To close your session at the end of the day, click on the close button on the upper right corner 
of your screen and confirm. Now, close the session on the dashboard view.

.. image:: media/getting_started_08.png
    :align: center
    :alt: How to close a point of sale session.

.. tip::
   It’s strongly advised to close your PoS session at the end of each day.

Once a session is closed, you can see a summary of all transactions per payment method. 
Then, click on a line to see all orders that were paid during your PoS session. 
If everything is correct, validate the session and post the closing entries.

.. image:: media/getting_started_09.png
    :align: center
    :alt: Point of sale sales report before closing the session.

.. tip::
   To connect the PoS hardware with an Odoo IoT Box, please refer to these
   docs: :doc:`Connect an IoT Box to your database
   <../../iot/config/connect>` and :doc:`Use the IoT Box for the PoS
   <../../iot/config/pos>`.

View your statistics
====================

> Keeping track of your sales is key to get meaningful statistics. That’s why Odoo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keeping track of your sales is essential to get meaningful statistics. That’s why Odoo
```

up.

.. image:: media/getting_started_02.png
    :align: center
    :alt: Creating a new payment method for a Point of Sale.

.. note::
   Don’t forget your credentials for methods using a payment terminal.

Now, you can select the payment method in your PoS settings. To do so,
go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Configuration --> Point of
Sale` and open the PoS in which you want to include the payment method. Then, add the
payment method.

.. image:: media/getting_started_03.png
    :align: center
    :alt: Making the payment method available in a point of sale.

.. note::
   *Configuration* is the menu where you can edit all your point of sale settings.
   Some more features are available for restaurants.

Your first PoS session
======================

Your first order
----------------

Now, you can open your first session. From the PoS dashboard, you can
start a new session.

.. image:: media/getting_started_04.png
    :align: center
    :alt: Launching a new session.

Below, an example of how the interface looks.

.. image:: media/getting_started_05.png
    :align: center
    :alt: Point of sale dashboard.

Once an order is completed, you can register the payment. All the

> available ones appear on the left of the screen. Select the payment

Author: ```suggestion
available payment methods appear on the left of the screen. Select the payment
```

payment.

Return and refund products
--------------------------

Having a well-thought-out return policy is key to keep customers. Making
it easy for you to accept and refund those returns is, therefore, also a
key aspect of your PoS interface.

From the PoS interface, select the product your customer wants to
return, use the +/- button and enter the quantity they need to return.
If they need to return multiple products, repeat the process.

.. image:: media/getting_started_06.png
    :align: center
    :alt: Refunding a product with the point of sale app.

When on the payment interface, the total is negative. To end the refund,
process the payment and validate it.

.. image:: media/getting_started_07.png
    :align: center
    :alt: Giving back money to customer.

Close the PoS session
---------------------

At the end of the day, you will close your PoS session. To do this,
click on the close button on the upper right of your screen and confirm.
Now, close the session from the dashboard.

.. image:: media/getting_started_08.png
    :align: center
    :alt: How to close a point of sale session.

.. tip::
   It’s strongly advised to close your PoS session at the end of each day.

> Then, you can see a summary of all transactions per payment method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Once a session is closed, you can see a summary of all transactions per payment method.
| Click on a line to see all orders that were paid during your PoS session. If everything is correct, validate the session and post the closing entries.
```

simple past because is not happening anymore.

.. image:: media/getting_started_09.png
    :align: center
    :alt: Point of sale sales report before closing the session.

In this summary, click on a line to see all the orders that have been
paid with it during your PoS session. If everything is correct, validate

> the session and post the closing entries.

Reviewer 2: I'd move this paragraph above!

.. tip::
   To connect the PoS hardware with an Odoo IoT Box, please refer to these
   docs: :doc:`Connect an IoT Box to your database
   <../../../iot/config/connect>` and :doc:`Use the IoT Box for the PoS

>    <../../../iot/config/pos>`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   <../../iot/config/connect>` and :doc:`Use the IoT Box for the PoS
   <../../iot/config/pos>`.
```

View your statistics
====================

Keeping track of your sales is key for any business. That’s why Odoo
provides you a practical view to analyze your sales and get meaningful

> statistics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Keeping track of your sales is key to get meaningful statistics. That’s why Odoo
provides analyzes about your sales.
```

To access your statistics, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sales -->
Reporting --> Orders`. There, you can see various statistics in graph

> or pivot form

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
or pivot form.
```

.. image:: media/getting_started_10.png
    :align: center
    :alt: Orders analysis with pivot view of the point of sale reporting feature.

> You can also access the stats via the dashboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also access them through the dashboard.
```
